TC 23367/release notes 2.7.3 (#61)
oracle/accelerated-data-science: docs/source/release_notes.rst

Release Notes
=============

2.7.3
-----

> Release date: January 18, 2023

Reviewer: Add a blank line after this line

> * Added support for the :ref:`MVS<https://accelerated-data-science.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/model_version_set/index.html>` (Model Version Set) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for the `MVS <./user_guide/model_version_set/index.html>`__ (Model Version Set) feature.
```

* Added --job-info option to ads opctl run CLI to save job run information to a YAML file.
* Added AuthContext class with support for api key configuration, resource principal, and instance principal authentication, as well as predefined signers, callable signers, or api keys configurations from specified locations.

> * Fixed a bug in to_sql(). The string length for the column created in Oracle Database table was counting characters, not bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in ``to_sql()``. The string length for the column created in Oracle Database table was counting characters, not bytes.
```

Reviewer 2: 'in an Oracle Database'

Release Notes
=============

2.7.3
-----
Release date: January 18, 2023 

> * Added support for the `MVS (Model Version Set) <./ads.model_version_set.index>`__ feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added support for the model version set <./ads.model_version_set.index>`__ feature.
```

* Added --job-info option to ads opctl run CLI to save job run information to a YAML file.

> * Added `AuthContext <./ads.common.auth.OCIAuthContext>`__ class with support for api key configuration, resource principal, and instance principal authentication, as well as predefined signers, callable signers, or api keys configurations from specified locations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the `AuthContext <./ads.common.auth.OCIAuthContext>`__ class. It supports API key configuration, resource principal, and instance principal authentication. In addition, predefined signers, callable signers, or API keys configurations from specified locations.
```

Release Notes
=============

2.7.3
-----
Release date: January 18, 2023 

* Added support for the :doc:`model version set <./user_guide/model_version_set/index.html>` feature.
* Added ``--job-info`` option to ``ads opctl run`` CLI to save job run information to a YAML file.
* Added the `AuthContext <./ads.common.html#ads.common.auth.OCIAuthContext>`__ class. It supports API key configuration, resource principal, and instance principal authentication. In addition, predefined signers, callable signers, or API keys configurations from specified locations.
* Fixed a bug in ``to_sql()``. The string length for the column created in Oracle Database table was counting characters, not bytes.
* Fixed a bug where any exception that occurred in a notebook cell printed "ADS Exception" even if the ADS code was not responsible for the error.

> >>>>>>> Stashed changes

Reviewer 3: Remove merge markers
